Hello! My name is Dr. Tree. Welcome to the park, where we play chess! The     world of chess is complex and has so   much that you can learn about. Some    people will give you tips, and some    people will duel you in chess! See if  you can beat every player here.
This is a table. It seems to have      chess!
            CHESS TIPS!                If you haven't played chess before,    here is a quick rundown of the rules.  Each player is trying to trap the otherplayer's king with their pieces, which is called "checkmate." If you checkmateyour opponent, then you win. Try to    protect your pieces, and use them to   guard your king. (The game will stop   you if you make an illegal move, so    it is okay if you do not know how the  pieces move yet).
Hey! It's me, the knight. Do you       recognize me from chess? I just want tolet you know that I'm the only piece   who can jump over other pieces. Pretty cool, right? I can even move on the    first move. Try it out!
You might have noticed that you can't  move some of your pieces when your     king is under attack. That's called    "check" and it's halfway toward        checkmate! If your king is in check,   and it can't get out, that's what      checkmate is. If you can put your      opponent in check, checkmate could     follow soon!
Aww man. I was playing against my      friend earlier, and I made a really badmove. I took her knight, but then she  got to take my queen, and it definitelylost me the game later on. The queen isa really good piece, and it's gotta be worth at least three knights!
            CHESS TIPS!                Most strong chess players recommend    that you try to move all your major    pieces at least once before moving themagain. Getting them off their starting squares is called "developing" them,   and it's pretty hard to win at chess ifonly one of your pieces is developed.
Yesterday my friend Alex made a totallyillegal move! They moved their king twospots to the right, and got to move    their rook, too! They insisted it was  legal and called it "castling," but I  don't buy it. 
I really like to move the pawn in frontof my king forward two spots! Then I   move out my bishop and my queen, and   then I can checkmate my enemy in just  four moves!! Pretty sweet, huh?
My friend here plays in a rather       uncouth manner. I too like to play my  king pawn forward, to control the      centre, and I put my bishop on the samesquare, but instead of the queen I     bring out the king's knight so I can   castle. Often this is called the       "Italian game."
Hi there! Do you want to play a game?  I'm not very good at chess, but I'm    sure it'll still be fun!
BEEP BOOP! I am the most powerful chessrobot in the world. I have been studiedby computer scientists for years!      Prepare to be vanquished, mortal!
I'll play chess against you, but pleasedon't take my pieces! They are mine!!  >:(
I like shorts, they're comfy and easy  to wear! I also like playing aggressivein chess. Let's play!
You've come so far since the beginning of your journey, but now it's time to  play against me! Good luck, muahaha.
Congrats on beating everyone at the    park! You are the best chess player    ever!! Yayyyyyyy
